Adding documentation for confirmation code cleanup (#17975)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: docs/confirmation-refactoring/confirmation-pages-routing/README.md

| `/confirm-transaction/${id}/safe-transfer-from`   | `pages/confirm-token-transaction-base` |
| `/confirm-transaction/${id}/token-method`         | `pages/confirm-contract-interaction`   |
| `/confirm-transaction/${id}/signature-request`    | `pages/confirm-signature-request.js`   |

## Areas of code refactoring

Current routing code is complicated, it is also currently tied to state change in confirmation pages that makes it more complicated. State refactoring as discussed in this [document](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/tree/develop/docs/confirmation-refactoring/confirmation-state-management) will also help simplify it.

- Any re-usable routing related code should be moved to [useRouting](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/blob/develop/ui/hooks/useRouting.js) hook.
- Logic to initially check state and redirect to `/pages/confirm-transaction` can be moved from `/pages/home` to `pages/routes`
- All the route mapping code should be moved to `/pages/confirm-transaction`, this will require getting rid of route mappings in `/pages/confirm-transaction/confirm-token-transaction-switch`, `/pages/confirm-transaction-switch`.

> - `/pages/confirm-transaction-switch` has the code that check the un-approved trancation / message in state and based on its type and asset reditect to a specific route, a utility method can be create to do this mapping and can be included in `/pages/confirm-transaction` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/pages/confirm-transaction-switch` has the code that checks the un-approved transaction / message in the state, and based on its type and asset redirect to a specific route, a utility method can be created to do this mapping and can be included in `/pages/confirm-transaction` component.
```
